iv anvannrsauanr.

hasbeen rather to show, by a collection of corresponding instances,
that the integrity of many passages, in the form in which he has
quoted them, may be defended. Beyond a doubt, editors have
too freely indulged in adverbial marks, hyphens, parentheses and
breaks, from want of a sufficiently comprehensive Syntax, such as
would explain certain apparent difficulties3 and to a similar cause
are ιο be attributed many textual alterations, adopted solely with
a view ιο bring the cases within the scope of ordinary rules. 'me
great success which has attended the labours of modern German
editors, in the revision of the text of their authors, is, however,
pretty generally admitted, and although the differences are some-
times unimportant, as respecta the sense, yet, in many cases, great
service has been done to classical literature, by bringing apparent
anomalies under extended grammatical rules, and not unfrequently
vindicating the integrity of the ordinary copies. He has not
deemed it necessary, therefore, to notice different readings always
wherever they occur, as he does not presume to settle these any
further than by placing the examples, as selected, in juxtaposition
with parallel examples noted by him in the authors referred to,
leaving the reader ιο adopt or reject his view as the balance of
evidence may incline. With these few preliminary observatione,
intended to protect himself against the charge of inattention or
unfairness, he leaves the subject in the hands of those whom it may
concern, or who are desirous of pursuing it further than he has
been able ιο do, believing that he will, at least, be allowed the
merit of having brought together alarge mass of examples, well
adapted to illustrate that department of syntax ιο which he has
confined myself.

t
l

 

